README.md, before:

:construction: This repository is currently under construction. Stay tuned – it's coming soon!

# LinguFlow

## What is LinguFlow

LinguFlow, a low-code tool designed for LLM application development, simplifies the building, debugging, and deployment process for developers. It utilizes a DAG-based message flow for business logic, requiring only minimal familiarity with LinguFlow blocks to effectively use.

### Why we need LinguFlow?

When attempting to apply LLM to real-world business scenarios, the limitations of using a simple LLM Wrapper become evident. These limitations include:

- Difficulty in further improving accuracy.
- The inability to restrict the conversation to business-relevant topics only.
- Challenges in handling complex business processes.

LinguFlow is needed precisely to overcome these challenges, offering a platform that enables the structured building of LLM applications tailored to specific business needs and enhancing their accuracy over time. The most classic approach to deploying applications with LLM (Large Language Models) is through the construction of a [DAG (Directed Acyclic Graph)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph). 

### the features with LinguFlow

Thus, the features of applications developed with LinguFlow include:

- **Technical Characteristics**:
  - Construction based on a DAG of information flows.
  - Multiple interactions with an LLM (for example, a Chatbot might interact with an LLM four times to answer a single customer query) where each interaction addresses a specific issue, such as intent determination, rephrasing, answering, or critique. This approach effectively overcomes the limitations of single interactions and supports the development of relatively complex applications.

- **Business Characteristics**:
  - LinguFlow is suitable for those with a clear understanding of how to solve their business problems using LLM, particularly when supporting more complex logic and requiring higher accuracy. As LinguFlow is based on the construction of DAG, similar to traditional application development, it is also well-suited for diving into complex business scenarios.

In essence, LinguFlow's design and implementation method offer a structured and logical framework for integrating LLMs into complex business processes, emphasizing the accuracy and logic-specific solutions of LLM interactions.

Commit message:

A simple develop guide to introduce how to bootstrap (#17)

README.md, after:

:construction: This repository is currently under construction. Stay tuned – it's coming soon!

# LinguFlow

## Develop Guide

To set up the development environment for LinguFlow:

```shell
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yaml build
docker-compose -f docker-compose.dev.yaml up
```

These two commands will create an API container and a UI container, install necessary dependencies inside the containers, and initialize a temporary SQLite database in the API container for storing development/testing data.

Then you can visit `http://localhost:5173/` with your browser and play with the environment.

## What is LinguFlow

LinguFlow, a low-code tool designed for LLM application development, simplifies the building, debugging, and deployment process for developers. It utilizes a DAG-based message flow for business logic, requiring only minimal familiarity with LinguFlow blocks to effectively use.

### Why we need LinguFlow?

When attempting to apply LLM to real-world business scenarios, the limitations of using a simple LLM Wrapper become evident. These limitations include:

- Difficulty in further improving accuracy.
- The inability to restrict the conversation to business-relevant topics only.
- Challenges in handling complex business processes.

LinguFlow is needed precisely to overcome these challenges, offering a platform that enables the structured building of LLM applications tailored to specific business needs and enhancing their accuracy over time. The most classic approach to deploying applications with LLM (Large Language Models) is through the construction of a [DAG (Directed Acyclic Graph)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Directed_acyclic_graph). 

### the features with LinguFlow

Thus, the features of applications developed with LinguFlow include:

- **Technical Characteristics**:
  - Construction based on a DAG of information flows.
  - Multiple interactions with an LLM (for example, a Chatbot might interact with an LLM four times to answer a single customer query) where each interaction addresses a specific issue, such as intent determination, rephrasing, answering, or critique. This approach effectively overcomes the limitations of single interactions and supports the development of relatively complex applications.

- **Business Characteristics**:
  - LinguFlow is suitable for those with a clear understanding of how to solve their business problems using LLM, particularly when supporting more complex logic and requiring higher accuracy. As LinguFlow is based on the construction of DAG, similar to traditional application development, it is also well-suited for diving into complex business scenarios.

In essence, LinguFlow's design and implementation method offer a structured and logical framework for integrating LLMs into complex business processes, emphasizing the accuracy and logic-specific solutions of LLM interactions.
